Doc update (#623)
arangodb/go-driver: README.md

> **Warning**

> > V1 is deprecated and will not receive any new features. Please use [V2](v2) instead.

Reviewer: Make clearer what v1 and v2 are, and since folder is called v2, I suggest we use "v2" instead of "V2" when referring to the driver version.

```suggestion
> Version 1 of the driver is deprecated and will not receive any new features.
> Please use version 2 ([v2](v2)) instead.
```

> - [Example Requests - V2](v2/examples)
> - [Reference - V2](https://godoc.org/github.com/arangodb/go-driver)
> - [Getting Started Tutorial - V1 only (V2 is coming soon!)](https://docs.arangodb.com/stable/develop/drivers/go/)

Reviewer: The link to the reference docs should point to /2, right?

I'd like to add the tutorial to a Markdown file in this repo next to the v1 code and then link to that instead.

```suggestion
- [Code examples (v2)](v2/examples)
- [Reference (v2)](https://godoc.org/github.com/arangodb/go-driver/v2)
- [Tutorial (v1)](https://developer.arangodb.com/docs/category/go)
```
